[Docs] CPU_BIND_THREADS -> CPU_BIND_THREAD (#7079)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/optimization_guide/dldt_optimization_guide.md

If you are building an app-level pipeline with third-party components like GStreamer*, the general guidance for NUMA machines is as follows:
- Whenever possible, use at least one instance of the pipeline per NUMA node:
   - Pin the _entire_ pipeline instance to the specific NUMA node at the outer-most level (for example, use Kubernetes* and/or `numactl` command with proper settings before  actual GStreamer commands).

>    - Disable any individual pinning by the pipeline components (e.g. set [CPU_BIND_THREAD to 'NO'](../IE_DG/supported_plugins/CPU.md)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Disable any individual pinning by the pipeline components (for example, set [CPU_BIND_THREAD to 'NO'](../IE_DG/supported_plugins/CPU.md)).
```
